In the first course section here, I will use JSFiddle because it allows me to really focus on the
core things I want to bring to you and that allows you to easily follow along.
Now maybe you don't want to use it or you want to use a local setup right from the beginning.
Well we will have a look at the real workflow later in the course.
But if you want to start locally, that is of course possible too. Simply head to the installation page
of Vue.js.
And there you can also download Vue.js to use it locally.
Now for a production-ready app you would of course choose the production version but for development you
should use the development version which gives you some extra warnings and errors.
While you can simply download this and store it in some folder, I prepared one here, this vue.js file. And
with that you've got your files stored here.
Then you want to open up your favorite editor. This could be Sublime; could be Atom.
You will find a list of some example editors in the last lecture of this module. And there you probably
want to set up your favorite
(or not your favorite but default) HTML5 skeleton like this.
And then of course we have to go to JSFiddle, copy all the HTML code and paste it in the body
section, though
we can remove the script import.
We will use our local file for that,
so let's add a script import in the head section;
I need a src of course pointing to the vue.js file.
And we also need our script down here so let's copy that too and then add a script tag below our div,
remove the src="" here, add this and with that if you now save this,
let's say as index.html in the same folder where the vue.js file lives,
you can simply double-click on it to the view it in the browser here.
And of course here if you type something it should work as in JSFiddle and this is how you could
follow along locally.
Again a more complex workflow will be set up later, but with that, you can get started and I'd say let's
now start diving deeper into Vue.js in the next course module.